new season means new seasonal recipes
and now it's easier than ever with fresh
ingredients delivered to your door
hellofresh brings the farmer's market to
you get 16 free meals plus three gifts
with code face 16 at hellofresh.com
face 16.
[Music]
you think
if maverick from top gun let's say tom
cruise right say if maverick from top
gun walked by a school
and saw kids playing duck duck goose
would that be traumatizing for him yes
yes yeah
he would have like world war one ptsd
where he yeah
he'd get tremors and [__] i guess they
call it gray duck in minnesota or
something and says in a call they don't
call it duckduckgoose in minnesota it's
like duck.grayduck or something um what
the [__] and so i heard the word goose
said like 15 times in this conversation
and it just my brain randomly went to
imagine if i was maverick and how
traumatizing this conversation would be
for me right now just this quietly i'm
deeply disturbed thinking about my best
friend's death when they're talking
about a kids game what's that dude's
name anthony adams played uh uh
edwards i believe anthony edwards maybe
yeah i think so he was on er right after
that or before yeah he was on uh he had
a conversation about this yesterday
really yeah
me and jeff we talked about this
yesterday well i'm talking about goose
we talked about
right those two actors and getting their
names confused right
so he was he was also on northern
exposure so you made almost the same
mistake i've made the same mistake but
in reverse today i was talking about
anthony adams yesterday and called them
anthony edwards and today's anthony
adams
i don't think i know
you're thinking now uh anthony anderson
anthony anderson is what i was thinking
of yeah who's anthony adams
can i admit something to you wait a
second
you got anthony adams doesn't exist no
anthony adams is a former football
player okay what about jaisal nick
anthony jeselnik anthony
are we naming anthony's i don't know
dude it's all confusing uh i was
conflating anthony adams and anthony
anderson while i was uh confusing that
person with anthony edwards
uh can i make an
admission to you guys that is uh for a
child born in the 70s who grew up in the
80s is kind of uh it's kind of it's been
a cross to bear my whole life yeah what
i [__] hate the movie top gun
[Laughter]
i never liked it i never i saw it like
on my friend's birthday we went to it
you know when it opened up and i was
just like this i don't why do people
like i thought tom cruise was such a
prick the entire film i liked goose and
then he died then the movie was over for
me i never got him
it's i mean goose is definitely the
heart of that movie i think that movie
sucks really thank you yeah i think it's
don't think it sucks
dog [__] it's not worth watching twice
that's for sure yeah why does my
computer say it's snowing i don't know
now oh it thinks i'm in uh wickson
michigan what ah great have you been in
wickson michigan lately
i don't think so did i never set like
oops
oh i was gonna i was gonna ask you guys
to do something for me this and it
should not be hard it's i pretty much
par for the course but could you guys do
your best not to make me laugh for the
next time oh god
yeah that's pretty bad how did it go uh
well uh you know i wanted to start off
2022 like i started off 2021
with root canals with your mouth yeah
with my mouth open with some old guy
crawled up in it uh
i yeah i got part one of my root canal
today on the first remember that first
root canal i had way back a year and a
half ago that uh took five sessions
wow
that pesky little guy uh guy got somehow
got infected again and so uh i'm on
session
six now on this tooth can you get your
money back for the first five
no it doesn't work like that
i don't think that's a dentist don't
have satisfaction guaranteed uh
it's like an nfl contract they said they
they'll do their absolute best to
eliminate the problem but it can come
back and it did so you know it's cool i
got a root canal today and then i'll get
another one next week and then i'll be
done is it seven and done or is it oh
it's it's either
it's either uh he fixes it wednesday or
we put or we pull the tooth
so
it's done one way or the other yeah i
would have been on pull the tooth after
like four i think i don't think i'll
grow seven and pull the problem is i
like the teeth that i have
you know
and i'm also i've also invested a lot of
money in this tooth specifically yeah
you know what i mean yeah
it's a sunken cost fallacy i guess but i
just i really
i really feel like keeping the tooth
around to get my money's worth out of it
it's this weird almost like investing in
a car that you just need to let go of
like you've got so much money into it
but seven is your walk away seven's a
lucky number jeff yeah number seven
that'll be it that'll be the turnaround
for you just need seven and then you'll
be fine are you at more root canals on
that tooth than transformer movies
i think you're tied definitely
okay i think once you go past fast and
furious movies that's when you pull the
tooth yeah like right now i i'm still in
the king arthur's court uh level of
transformers i think but if
if i get to jason statham uh getting
into a fist fight while holding a baby
on an airplane then although it's time
to pull the two
it's the best part of that movie by a
lot i know that's true it's definitely
the best easily the best best sequence
are we counting hobbs and shot in the
yes
okay so you got you got a few to go
still before you cross that line imagine
if we were to count movies in which
jason statham drives cars and that's his
thing
get the transporter
is this pleasantries or is this the
episode oh i think we've been in the
episode for a while did an intro did we
not no no no i can do one right now uh
hello and welcome to the uh march 16th
edition of the face podcast i say that
because when i came in for pleasantries
eric said this this episode will air
march 16th but nobody said what number
it is so i don't know i know we're in
season four
what number 94 it's 94. episode episode
94 of season four
year
two still
are we still in year two uh yeah yeah
yeah yeah so we're still in year two
season four episode 94 of the face
podcast uh for reference it was recorded
on february 17 2022 for airing on march
16 2022 i have no idea why i uh included
all that especially considering how much
it hurts to talk eric asks what did
andrew think the intro was i just
couldn't remember if it happened or not
like we we switched so many topics we
moved into the tooth i saw the message
eric messaged like at the beginning do
the intro and then i just couldn't
remember if that actually happened i i
just had no memory i had no no
recollection of it but we did it now
definitively and while we're talking
about bad movies i feel like i should
bring up a certain movie that i find mvp
no that's a great matrix matrix thank
you jeff yeah i watched the i watched
the most recent matrix movie which has
been a point of contention uh what's it
called resurrection i think so i think
it's the matrix resurrections
resurrection something like that but i i
hadn't seen it and i largely had been
avoiding seeing it because after gavin
watched it he asked if i if i'd seen it
i said no and he said well if you like
that movie we would cease to be friends
and i would stop doing this show that is
how much i hate this i don't think i've
ever heard it yeah extreme every time no
it was it was that's been the bar you
you've hated i've never heard you hate
anything like you've hated that movie oh
i'm not denying that i hate that movie i
was just surprised at how many people i
spoke to about it liked it so i was like
oh which one which one will andrew be
why because i texted you before you saw
it asking if you had and you said no and
i said it's interesting it's very
divisive people seem to either
absolutely love it or hate it there
doesn't really seem to be much a middle
for most people and then like two days
later you saw it and you were like
violently hated it like the most
aggressively hated anything oh yeah dog
[__]
so what were your thoughts
i think it might be and
there's a big caveat with this i think
it's my favorite matrix movie
of all of them
[Laughter]
i can't tell you how happy i am to hear
you say that
david just dropped from our call
he left he's back all right i couldn't
figure out what to leave for
let me was that enough
yeah that was good
i think really well time let me just
clarify a few things i didn't love the
first movie i feel like i kind of missed
out on that being like super cool i just
i saw it late
and uh it was fine i saw the two and
three in theaters didn't like them at
all i just thought they were boring as a
kid so i don't have a fandom for any of
these movies
okay and you're completely correct in
saying that like this most recent matrix
movie is super stupid it's really dumb
it's ridiculous but i just didn't care
about the feel
it feels super low budget it's like the
most expensive one ever but it just
feels it looks so cheap looking i don't
know why
there is definitely a visual aesthetic
and also i feel like that movie is
designed to be a thing you hate more
than anything i've ever seen like with a
lot of the choices in it as far as how
meta it is
and uh it's just yeah i loved it loved
it maybe it's a strong word i really
enjoyed it i was like wow that wasn't
bad at all i feel bad that i i like this
i wish we could be a line i enjoyed it
to the point where i was still thinking
about it a few days later i was like you
know what that was really that was fine
yeah i was thinking about it too
i gotta say it looks good yeah it's like
really dumb and there's a lot of cringy
things in it but the things that are
cringy i feel like are by design
like it's it's like fan service type
[__] uh some of the fan service stuff as
well as some of the dialogue choices
like there's this really obnoxious like
gamer guy that's like milf alert and
it's like super [__] cringy but it
feels like that's what that character is
like i don't like he's just
a man yeah like that that unfortunately
is a person that exists and they're in
the movie and it's not enjoyable but
it's not like that they're accurately
portraying
that person
do you hate lines such as i still know
kung fu that wasn't as upsetting to me
as the way like it's the way that you
said it was like he [__] juggled and
like winked at the camera six times and
it just sort of is a passing moment i
was kind of disappointed by how not like
he's on the nose but i was expecting a
whole of the other level or the the
maravincian talking about facebook and
mark zuckerberg and stuff i mean that
stuff just was like whatever they
entered a weird that's in the world
beginning the meta stuff of it is just
strange where they go into that it's
like a video game and just the approach
of like
the start of that story is so
self-referential
gavin do you maybe hate the movie a
little bit because you're old i don't a
lot of people don't know this uh who
haven't known you forever but your first
aim name that we used to communicate
with was milf alert do you feel
comforted
i wished so much that that was fun
that's great that's a great day i would
love to just see a chat log between like
a press conference where it's a chat log
between both alert and delicious boner
what a great great combination have i
ever told you the story about me and
bernie's first wife and delicious boner
no
no it's a great combination of work i
was at work uh what andrew's referring
to is my old aim name we used to all
communicate through aim aol instant
messenger a ton back in the day that was
like our preferred method of communique
and uh my my uh my aim name was
delicious boner
it wasn't my first
i had to get rid of one because it
leaked out and then too many community
members were messaging me and then i had
one that was set sail for ass which i
thought was pretty funny
uh and then eventually i landed on
delicious boner i think my balls your
your ass my ball's your ass listen yeah
i changed i had to change name names a
lot they kept getting out so anyway
delicious boner was my favorite and uh
bernie was in virginia visiting his dad
and uh
he called me and he said hey
i'm trying to teach my dad how to use
instant messenger can i can i give you a
call real fast
and i'm like yeah of course and then i
get a like you know message from bernie
burns and i go hello
and then i hear his wife i hear it pop
up and i hear his wife at the time go oh
no
and i realized it was bernie and his dad
their whole family around the computer
looking at
looking at a message from delicious
boner
i think that was the longest lasting aim
name you had yeah i had it for a very
long time yeah i forgot about some of
those you mentioned like my balls your
ass
that one wasn't as i was uh i was vaughn
evil satan for a while yeah we had to
change a names a lot back in the day
that was the whole thing
um
evil satan i don't even remember why it
was a
inside
baseball rooster teeth joke i don't i
don't remember where it came from or why
i uh i've been watching this mtv reality
show from 2005 and it's been great
mainly for the t-shirt choices of that
time period as well as the prizes that
these people are winning and one of the
prizes they won was the first smart shoe
called verb for shoe it was like this is
the first shoe that has the computer
chip in it it will inflate and deflate
based off of your pressure we will send
you emails if it needs repair like it
was this insane thing and i was like
i've never [__] heard of verb for
shoe like what happened almost all the
prizes that were like wacky gadgets
never actually existed including verb
for shoe but in my research of it it was
invented by a guy named ronald demon
which made me really laugh just reading
like mr demon went like it's just such a
great casual like fake sounding like if
a demon was going to inhabit the earth
like that'd be the shitty name they'd
come up with like ah ronald demon so it
just failed or it like never was it like
they did like series of pre-orders for
it from like 2004 then 2008 and then i
just haven't found a single
trace of it actually being manufactured
or existing in any way
but just like that
uniform pick up the reins yeah maybe
he's probably not with balloons [__]
beach in the caribbean somewhere
spinning all that investment
uh
hey i don't i don't want to talk today
much but uh okay i realize after saying
that i have three time sensitive things
that we have to go over because we're
already it's already march 16th for
christ's sake
uh
so at some point today i just before we
end i need to crowbar these things in so
anyway continue no crowbar crowbar away
i feel like it's out why don't you okay
there is uh
i don't think it's happened yet but it
may have but if it did then you saw it
but if it hasn't you should check it out
uh we're testing out i wanna do i've
long wanted to do uh
i've always wanted the lamest jobs in
television like i always wanted to be
todd bridges but not in different
strokes i wanted to be todd bridges on
like world's worst disasters and like
sure
america's worst criminals where you just
get to sit there and make one lame
[__] joke that somebody else writes
for you and then you're like can i have
my two thousand dollars you know
uh
but i've also really wanted to be uh and
i think we've talked about this before
in the past maybe not on camera but i
always really wanted to be one of those
knife guys who's on at like three in the
morning on local television doing like
it's like it's like the redneck version
of qvc where it's just like two old
dudes with belt buckles and like a white
lazy susan and they just throw like a
rambo knife on it and then they talk
about it for three minutes and it spins
around and they sell it like you know
and then they put on another knife and
like there's a buck hunting knife and
then uh oh yeah there they are right
there i want to be the dude on the left
that's [__] great we'll put that in
the episode uh
doing a terrible job so far thank you uh
and so i have a bunch of like remnant
merchandise for like the jeff line if
you're not a mm-hmm if you're just a
regulation listener and you don't
participate in the rest oh hello henry
you don't participate in the rest of
rouge teeth uh i have like a clothing
line it's been around for a couple years
and so i have a bunch of crap that
didn't sell and i thought like let me
sell it like qvc style like live sale it
would be like a fun like infomercial
kind of thing uh and so they we set that
up and it may have already happened but
it hasn't already happened i'm very
excited to announce to you two because i
think this is very funny they told me i
had to come up with a name and then they
gave me a list of potential names like
jeff's garage sale and jeff's uh you
know spring cleaning and
and i came up with
everything must go go now
that's great is that the best name i've
ever come up with in my entire life yeah
everything must go go now holy [__] i
wish i could sell the name that is such
a i'm so [__] proud of myself well
now we know the the name of all future
face sales yeah all sales now are going
to be everything must go go now i'm so
i'm just so tickled with me
because of that name
at the top of the face flops section of
the website i love it i love it dude
speaking of not flops that freaking
porta potty mug oh yeah it's finally uh
we're finally doing pretty well that
thing went yo you know what very quietly
uh i should i should mention i noticed
in the checking on the sales on the on
the porta potty mug which you guys
supported in a big way and we cannot
thank you enough and i hope that if you
decide to piss or [__] in it or drink in
it or store baseball cards in it like
i've been doing uh i hope that you enjoy
it to the fullest of its capacity
because it a
it's a fantastic piece of uh merchandise
that we will never make again uh so
thank you if you got one thank you so
much for supporting us in the process of
that though they bought all the
skateboards oh yeah so now we've got no
flops yeah we got no flaps oh [__]
topless and which segways into the
number two thing uh this is now this
joke's now over a month old but uh we in
in our time the time that we're
recording this last week we recorded a
face break [__]
and uh you know gavin you couldn't be
there because of prior obligations so uh
it was me and eric and uh andrew and
emily as always uh and uh we debuted
some of the some of the sounds on the
sound board that was pretty exciting uh
gavin's oh no was on there uh
but right before there the reason we
recorded it in the old location and not
the new location is because i had to
make a video for achievement with jack
for the super bowl and so they were like
well let's just move our production over
here to make it easier on achievement
hunter and jack which we did and then
jack was supposed to jump on finally
jump on the brake show uh right after
that uh because they too butted up
against each other and i turned around
and that [__] was in his car
driving away
i couldn't believe it he was even in the
description for the break show i looked
the social the [__] marketing team
even advertised it as jack being in
there and the guy and the son of a [__]
took off he matt damond me or like a
reverse matt damon uh and uh and so i
got so annoyed
i took that photo of him that i have
taped to the side of the bin that i
bring the the baseball cards in the one
that he made he made it of himself it's
like jack with a big ass like louis ck
bald head because he was uh he made up
for a contest or something years ago
so i put it on a [__] shirt
and we sold it
and i i said we would sell it until he
finds out about it and then so all i did
was post on instagram an instagram story
on the face account just don't tell jack
but if you have any interest in this you
can get it if not i don't give a [__]
don't buy it i'm not trying to get you
to but i'm just telling it's available
right and uh it managed to be up from
friday to monday before he noticed
and we sold hundreds of them how
how did he notice how did he did he find
out himself do you know how it was
discovered i don't know i just got a i
just got a text from him and it's like
it just said like somebody told me
all right
so i took it down but it wasn't i was
even thinking
i should create like well i don't i
can't say it on the podcast because
he'll hear it uh let me just say i'm not
done
and i hope jack pisses me off again
because i have other i have other ideas
and i'm talking to you regulation
listeners and i'm talking to you comment
leavers i don't know how to get this
information to you because he listens to
this [__] podcast he's a is a big ass
fan so uh
i'll find some other way to communicate
with you because the next time he steps
over the line i've got i've got plans to
put in place it's going to be one i just
love the idea of stuff being on sale
depending on how much you happen to like
jack
yeah that's pretty much it is it just
this thing now that you just will never
be on it uh i don't know dude he's i
mean i think he was dodging obligation
and work you know he was like wow that's
the that's what i'm paid to do from nine
to five so uh
[__] them
uh anyway that was the second thing and
then the third thing uh is andrew you
sent me a troubling tweet the other day
and i'd like to i'd like to know why oh
you want to talk about yeah you tweeted
to me and you said only i consider this
a declaration of war well i'll post it
in so i got jeff mailed me a thing out
of the kindness
of his heart apparently i thought this
was
i didn't know how to interpret it at
first i didn't know what was coming it
was in a giant bag it was very
santa-like it doesn't look that big in
the photo
oh it's huge it's [__]
massive it's like a sack it is genuinely
like a santa sack sized bag and i was
like oh jeff is so jeff is so sweet he
sent a thing he sent a card i don't have
a photo of that but it was like
something it was it was a nice little
message it was during when i was at the
peak of like issues with uh my my ankle
uh and then
so i opened the sack which took a long
time i didn't i didn't tell you this it
took me genuinely like three minutes to
undo the ribbons on this [__] sack
because it was like quadruple knotted on
both sides and i'd like loosen one side
and then the other side would get
tighter and it was a nightmare so i
finally it is so i finally i open the
sack and then i have this i have this
small box in this giant [__] bag
and i'm like what is this now it's a box
this is like it's still kind of like
exciting what could it possibly be so
then i finally opened the box and you
just sent me a giant [__] thing a
bubble wrap to i guess protect my foot
yes wrap my foot in here's the thing
let me explain let me explain not to
wrap your foot although you reserve the
right to do that uh here's the thing uh
you and gavin at the at the same time
were both having problems in your lives
and i've i've addressed both of them uh
gavin you don't know this yet no i i
i've got the package oh you got the mail
okay
i stepped over on the way in today
so uh gavin you had a particular issue
god damn it henry you had a particular
issue
and andrew you had a particular issue
and i i thought like let me put my
uniform hat on and let me invent some
ways to help you and i'll be honest i'm
just a little down on ideas right now
i'm not feeling super creative and i
thought i bet i bet solutions exist let
me be creative with those so andrew i
worry about you falling a lot you and my
great-grandma i worry well she's dead
but my grandma you and my grandma i
worry about falling constantly and so
for you i bought you 125 feet of bubble
wrap that you can bubble wrap
every hard or sharp edge in your
apartment
and then if there's enough left over
wrap it around your ankle or lay it on
the floor so when you fall you fall into
a cushion because it's kind of a given
that you will fall again i would i'm
just waiting for the time that you fall
and impale your neck on a sharp corner
or something so i wanna i know or you
have to bite me to the hospital isn't
that what happened yeah
yeah right i did i biked him home and
then his parents took my hospital uh i
uh i want
desperately to keep you safe and so i
want to andrew proof your apartment uh i
also sent you a got returned so i
apologize for this i can resend it if
you'd like i bought you like eight
uh like eight
k uh like spools of i don't know what
you call it of packing tape so uh i've
got a shitload of packing tape but i
guess for some reason amazon couldn't
deliver your packing tape you were
stuttering there like you couldn't get
through that sentence but henry was also
squeezing at the same time every time so
it sounded like a skipped record i was
searching for a word henry was
distracting me and the pain is intense
in my mouth they didn't have the pain
they had my
antibiotics ready at the at the pharmacy
but not the pain meds oh i haven't
gotten them yet well you can keep the
tape
it's okay it's very kind to you though
yeah that way uh just so like just just
wrap everything in three layers of
bubble tape or bubble wrap and you're
gonna be fine
awesome shall i post a picture of what
you sent me yeah i'd love to see what
you say
i don't even what is that yeah what is
that that's not all i sent you either no
he said he also sent me a cucumber which
was lovely um mostly mostly new it's
only partially used
a cucumber with like a third of it
missing or like maybe a quarter cup um
and this from what i can tell is a
device that you put over the top of a
doorknob with and it grips it to make it
like a door handle yes
yes i got you and it's portable
it's like it's like throw it in your
pocket and then whenever you are out
about around town or in a different
country and you encounter something as
offensive to you as a doorknob you can
pull that puppy out slap it on and uh
and all your fears and hatred and anger
will melt away in the hands of a strong
plastic or rubber i guess rubber strong
rubberized uh door handle yeah it's
amazing i don't have any doorknobs to
test it on um as we've
established and obviously they're
illegal in vancouver so yeah probably
won't be using them there but i'm gonna
keep one in my pocket yeah you travel a
lot yeah that's such a great i didn't
know that was the thing that was very
kind and you know what no kindness
should should go
without return jeff so i hope you know
that i we can't at least i can't i won't
speak for gavin i can't wait to return
the favor to you and make sure that you
also just understand how much i
appreciated the bubble wrap and but do
something right one one could argue that
you already uh showed me that level of
affection with a porta potty a year ago
and this is me making up
uh for that
there's no need there's no need no yeah
this was this is a different year it
doesn't it's a year thing it changed
years so i think it's this is a
different gift
i have to return the favor to you
and uh i you know it's i appreciate your
kindness and i can assure you it will be
equally matched and i hope you enjoy
whatever that happens you got to make
sure it's a good gift
that could be a good one
we'll see it has to be sweet it'll be a
sweet thoughtful thing that jeff loves
and uh i can't wait can't wait to return
the kindness
[Laughter]
i really you shouldn't you don't have to
no i can't wait to do it it's gonna be
great
is being able to send someone else a
gift in return
the giving is the joy
so the best part
part for you is receiving the receiving
no the best part for me is returning
you're a receiver andrew you're you're
like a natural
giver you're one who receives
uh you one who collects who who yes uh
he takes in it takes into your arms
whereas i am i'm one who pushes and
shoves at you
i wish i i could remember who said this
and give them the credit somebody
reached out to me and they brought up
that i am a stormer because i stormed
out of my room when you bought all the
[__] at my birthday that i had to just
keep going
there's a documented storm of me on this
show so i guess i am a stormer i have
storms there you go but you were you
weren't storming out you were storming
towards something yeah we're storming in
i'm i'm an aggressive storm i guess i go
after i'm not away i pursue i i was uh i
was reading the comments on the one that
just came out and um the audience
pointed out something based on
this part of the conversation does
randy savage begin or where does you
know what i mean and macho man
end like is there like how different is
he at home on right now in his living
room watching cnn
yeah
did you know he's been dead for over a
decade
i'll i'll say this
the producer of this show [__] knew i
guarantee you
yeah i i knew and we talked about it and
i thought you were making a joke i think
if you were to listen to my audio you
say that and then i probably go what and
laugh but it's not in this
episode gonna find that because it was
you
it's saying
watching cnn right like at his house
right now right now like
right now all of those i i didn't know
he was dead
i wasn't
or if i knew he was dead i forgot about
it but i think the point of the of the
uh the point i was trying to make still
stands was
all right rest in peace randy savage i'm
so sorry to hear you miss elizabeth and
i uh both i'm sure are crestfallen uh i
think she's dead too
are you i'm pretty sure she's the i'm
pretty sure yeah
way longer yes i think he died way
longer than he did what about the snake
is the snake alive jake the snake is
still good jake the snake is alive
damien the snake was not actually one
snake there were a bunch of different
snakes and most are dead yes oh man all
right well anyway rest in peace macho
man randy savage who i'm not gonna ask
there's so many other people i don't
know if they're dead now but i guess
they are i guess if i can name a name
that i remember from the 80s associated
with wrestling there could you could you
just name one name for me please jess
manny fernandez the flying burrito
thank you that's the thing my favorite
wrestler when i was a kid growing up
followed closely by dusty rhodes and
then by the road warriors and then when
they hooked up and it became the legion
of doom that was like it would have been
one of my first bonuses so many things
yeah i mean like i'm pretty sure manny
fernandez is still alive and i just i
remember him as the raging bull um
like nwa or whatever yeah one half of
the road warriors is dead so who died
hawk or animal uh hawk animal's still
alive i think oh that's son it's that's
sad
maybe maybe he did die not too long ago
hawk was the smart one the animal was
the angrier one yeah he was more rage oh
no yeah
in 2020 animal died so the [__] has been
yeah they're both dead [__] hell dude
yeah
anyway i still think the point still
stands is that i was trying to get to is
is was randy savage the macho man at
home when he was kicking up his feet
drinking a beer and watching tv or was
it a persona he put on right yeah
i just wonder where like the character
ends and begins i apologize i wasn't up
on my sl on my dead celebrities but uh
i'll just go ahead and say this
if if we talk about a wrestler chances
are they're dead
yeah
that's fair especially from that era
yeah the high probability for sure yeah
i don't think your point was wrong i
think your point is completely valid it
was just the phrasing was definitely odd
for sure i i think at the time i
registered as i thought well he's dead
but it didn't you know like it didn't
register enough i understood what you
were saying so i didn't feel the need to
be correct
also he's he's a mortal as he lives on
through his music that is true
[Applause]
a lot of people didn't even bother
making resolutions this year and you
know what i get it but it doesn't mean
you shouldn't still find a way to shake
things up whether it's by switching your
workout routine or going someplace new
whatever way you challenge yourself this
new year there's no better way to do it
than with a pair of raycon wireless
earbuds in your ears why your ears where
else would you put them ears are where
they go and speaking of your ears
they're going to love them because the
everyday earbuds look feel and sound
better than ever seriously put other
stuff in your ear and then put that in
your ear and you'll go oh this one makes
sense there's also an awareness mode for
when you need to listen to your
surroundings like when you're riding a
bike so you can take raicons with you
wherever you go and be safe
with optimized gel tips for the perfect
in-ear fit these earbuds are so
comfortable
and they will not budge it's like
getting an ear massage while you're
treating yourself to some lovely music
or a book on tape or angry political
talk raycons offer 8 hours of play time
and a 32 hour battery life and they're
priced just right you get quality audio
at half the price of other premium audio
brands it's no wonder that raycon's
everyday earbuds have over 48 thousand
five star reviews that's out of five too
that's not five stars out of ten or
twenty or thirty or forty that's five
out of five right now
face listeners can get a fifteen percent
discount off the raycon order at buy
raycon.com
face that's by raycon dot com slash face
to save 15 percent on ray cons buy
raycon dot com slash face
the time for spring cleaning is upon us
you clean out your garage your pantry
your bedroom closets but do more than
just dust cabinets and organize clean
your butthole too with hello tushy
bidets it's been a long winter up there
we need to freshen it up so after wiping
with dry and scratchy toilet paper for
the last god knows how long our bums
could use a serious refresh put your
cleanest booty forward and start washing
with hello tushy imagine that you're
walking down the street
that's what i sound like when i walk
down the street you might sound like
this
or maybe you sound like this
i don't know everybody walks different
but imagine that you're doing that but
dude
and a bird poops all over your arm are
you just gonna pat it off with a dry
napkin i hope not you're going to stick
it in a toilet and wash it with a bidet
because you need to clean with water and
why are we treating our buttholes
differently stop smearing your business
around with toilet paper like it's some
sort of a kid's finger painting and
start washing with
water use the hello tushy bidet it's 20
22 people get technological get cleaner
stop spreading your business around your
butthole with toilet paper and start
eliminating it with hello tushy bidets
and water
i want all of our listeners to have
clean buttholes so visit
hellotushy.com
face to get ten percent off plus free
shipping right now while you're at it go
ahead and tag us and add hellotushy on
social media so we can celebrate your
clean butthole with you that's
hellotushy.com
face for 10 off
can i can i pivot to something for a
minute i had please i had quite the uh
quite the story we're going to go on a
journey we're going to start it's going
to seem
we're going to get to a weird place
but it's needed for the context because
i think it adds to the story so
like last week
one year it was the the one year since
my grandma had passed and so i was like
spending time with my mom for dinner
it's her mom my grandma very close and
we're having this like emotional dinner
we lit a candle we're talking about
things
and then the conversation kind of
pivoted and she my mom loves like
watching shows and whatnot she is a very
like she doesn't curse she grew up super
religious like a martha stewart type
person
um
so we're talking she's like yeah i've
been watching uh this thing on netflix
or i don't remember what was on i think
bj novak is in it and uh it was the the
guy that was on lost and hawaii 5-0 and
i was like lock and she's like no so
hurley no i was like jin yeah daniel hit
him that's who it was yeah daniel day
kim and bj bj novak have their show uh
are butt plugs real
that was the pivot
that was the pit that is how it went i
was stunned
just immediate into our butt plugs real
and the camera was still lit like it
remembered
the candle was still lit in remembrance
and she my mom doesn't curse she's like
very like not at all like very
conservative she's a very liberal in her
beliefs but a very conservative social
person
are butt plugs real
have you heard of a butt plug and i'm
just i'm
[__] stunned that this has just
happened
so then i'm like yeah but but plugs are
yeah they're real but plugs are real and
she's like okay yeah she explained that
i guess the plot of the episode of the
show involved butt plugs and she had
never heard of a butt plug and she
thought that they were a fictional
creation
for that show she didn't know that they
were real so then she had to turn to her
son for clarification she had to turn to
me on the anniversary of her mom's
passing
right after we had this very serious
time so then
so then time passes a little bit
and then she says to me should i google
it or should you just tell me
i said what are you talking about she
said well like why do people why would
you have a butt plug should i google it
or are you gonna tell me oh
and i said i can tell you but you didn't
ask like what they did or what they were
but you asked are they real and i i know
they exist she's clearly wanted to know
when she when she asked if they were
real why didn't you just fill her in on
no
listen i
the context of when it happened and
everything like i'm stunned it's just an
insane this is like i've never had a
conversation like this with my mom and
we're going deep on butt plugs
and so then i explained her well
[Laughter]
i i say like well i don't necess i
haven't really looked at butt plugs in
depth but i think from my understanding
some people find pleasure in them and
then there might be like
a way to like practice or train towards
anal sex i don't really know necessarily
but i believe those are like the leading
reasons why you may want a butt plugger
where we're a butt plug
so then i'm just imagining her at your
wedding one day and she's like what
about dildos
[Laughter]
so then i explained that and there's a
pause and like i can see her processing
and then she says what's more known a
butt plug or a brony out of [__] left
field because she had just learned
she just learned that bronies exist like
two days prior
uh and i really struggled to answer that
question oh definitely butt plug i would
assume oh i feel like thousands of years
bronyism was a fad yeah like a decade
ago flash in the thing really i was more
i didn't know because i feel like it was
so big but maybe it's just because i
knew people that were super into it so
my perception of how popular my little
pony and bronies were i'll say this
are you are those people still bronies
are they still way into it no absolutely
well i tell you what once a butt plug
fan probably always about
i don't think you age out of those
so we go through that and then my mom
was just like uh things are so
sexualized nowadays or something like
that and i was like well i think butt
plugs have probably been around like an
insanely long amount of time if i looked
into it so i searched it and the first
butt plug was made in like 1897 they
were called anal dilators and the guy
that sold them were like this will cure
everything you got night blindness you
need higher iq shove one up you'll be
good you got this you're gonna be fine
and he did that unchecked for like 30
years
until like the fda looked at how he was
marketing them and was like you cannot
do this
this is illegal you have to stop selling
these yeah but people have been surely
shoving shut up their ass for centuries
can you imagine that the conversation
you're like how did you meet somebody
and you're like had your so you're well
off how'd your family get your fortune
uh i really don't want to tell you but
it had to do with my great grandfather
had to do with nightblindness
he was a doctor of sorts so this is
there's another plug i'm just like i'm
stunned i'm lost that like we are we are
like knee-deep in ass plug talk on this
anniversary you keep you're you're
you're euphemisms man
you're knee-deep in ass talk
you gotta stop
god damn
she pop like there's another pause and
she looks at me and she says wow
at least i have something to talk about
my friend at lunch tomorrow i wonder if
they've heard about plugs and it's like
she's going out for like a coffee with
like her other 60 year old friend
do you think she's one of the oldest
people to discover the butt plug alive
today yeah or is she like breaking news
to all of her friends and they're like
let's see what now
i don't i
that would be a great thing to discover
can i request uh some information
absolutely at a future date can you
check back in with your mom and find out
if her friends knew what butt plugs
and if she's like the last one to the
table
just hey let me finish okay i'm going to
get there
i didn't realize that
no we're still going to be are we first
climax
so she pulls out her phone after this
after like i explain
because i like showed her what the
original butt plugs look like
uh
and then so she pulls at her phone to
like clearly search them and she
whispers like she's even like
embarrassed to say it out loud she's
like is is butt plug spelled with one
tee or two
like she didn't know if it was butt plug
or literal butt plug
so i had to clarify that
and then i was just like don't [__] you
know don't search i'll pull it up like
it's going to be a [__] i've already
got a book
if you search for this
so i pull it up and i show a photo of it
and she looked at it and she's
immediately like 15 those are low
quality it's a three pack like what this
is a [__] like she's immediately
critiquing the quality of it and deemed
them to be like shitty and that there
better be she was like are there
titanium ones like what are the high end
for buttplugs
she thought they were pieces of [__]
that were cheap and she likes fancy
extravagant things so she's like what's
the high end of this or do they come in
titanium so now i'm on like just a sex
like a random sex store site pulling up
butt plugs i find the most expensive one
is like 160 dollars was it like a chanel
collaboration or something
gucci it was a gucci bump
chanel x anala
it was remote operated
and she just she wasn't pressed because
it was a titanium she's like yeah [__]
out i don't care it's not titanium so
then i showed her one that made it look
like you had a tail and she was done
that was it we were done she had no that
killed it that was a bridge too far
you're not allowed to have a tail so
that was
the limits of your mom yeah yeah we've
we hit the peak of it so i talked to her
today
and i i asked
i asked jokingly
because she had had she's been to like
four different lunches or whatever since
we've had this talk
so i asked her
i asked like just as i said as a joke so
did you talk to your friends if they
knew what butt plugs were
and she said like completely seriously
yes i'm doing a survey and then she went
through her list she has asked every
time she is like interacting with a
friend that she has and interact with
about the subject she is bringing up the
subject of butt plugs versus bronies
specifically she is surveying how many
of her friends in the 60 year old
demographic know either or of these
things so she's asked two people so far
both of them knew what butt plugs were
didn't know what bronies were i don't
think you're adopted
so the bro
i love that your mom thinks you're an
anal expert
i just
i think she was shocked that i knew i
think she was expecting me to say no she
really thought they were a fictional
thing created for
she she was like allow me to spill the
tea on buttons
so is this like an annual thing like
every year when the candle gets lit do
you think it'll be a different topical
conversation i don't i i'm terrified of
what it could possibly be next year but
it was just
the the absurdity of the conversation
that it kept going further and and the
questions and the subject it was just it
was wild yeah i was stunned i'm still
stunned i'm still processing it but i'll
keep you guys updated as this survey
gets filled up further so far dude zero
bronies what's the demographic just
middle east
60 year old canadian women yeah okay
oh my god dude well i'll say this gavin
i know what we're getting to andrew for
christmas and for his birthday and for
christmas and his birthday until he dies
how what temperature does titanium melt
at
the top i have no idea
why are you even asking i'm gonna try
and whip something up
titanium melting temps
do you want it in fahrenheit or celsius
celsius please
1668.
oh that's doable little foundry a little
bit of propane for uh for for normal
humans that's 3034
fahrenheit
normal what what why i don't i don't
understand what that was
what what just happened temperature talk
we are temperatures
somehow you guys are more baffled going
back and forth with that than me hearing
my [__] mom talk about butt plugs out
of nowhere
no i just americans always think that
it's like oh you've got to b you got to
convert it for europeans
yeah i would use
i was just insulting gavin because he's
not understood yeah
even though he's desperate to be yeah do
you uh
where do you live
yeah good point
not only do you live in america [__]
you live in the most american state in
america you live in [__] texas dude
america's great i came home to a
cucumber today
is that so is that edible how edible is
that is that junk cucumber oh my god
i gave it i gave it to millie yesterday
in her lunch
okay let's give her a hug give her a
whole cucumber no i gave her the third
that i cut off
the part that's the part that's peeled
off and chopped off
he was saying you gave the whole thing
to her this is what she left no no
dole out a little bit every day ugh gave
her tomatoes you have
i gave you the cucumber
do you have anything you want to
specifically bring up gavin or should i
go
jingle jingle finally
randy savage clip i also found this this
isn't related to uh face but this is
what we were talking about
last time when andrew was confused about
the full english breakfast oh yeah
to be fair i feel like the way you
described it was very confusing you said
what's the black thing i said black
pudding it's like fried blood
yeah
just fried i didn't have any concept of
what fried blood was blood sausage do
you like it do i like it no no i hate it
is it popular do most people like it
i mean if you order full english it's a
part of it usually i've ordered a lot of
full english and i've never gotten it
really yeah i mean it's probably the
first thing to go it's the first sort of
polarizing item yeah they probably don't
even bother like in the tourist areas
it's probably hard to get here well i
mean blood salts did you get that in the
stores don't you it's pretty much what
it is
no that's what the confusion was i
didn't know the prep of making
in my head
i didn't know what the process was like
in the same way canada's bagged milk
you're like yeah get a bag of blood go
grab some blood
misrepresenting it i was like yes it's
like fried blood you're like you've
misled me it's fly it's fried blood and
fat well i wasn't aware of what a blood
i asked what i don't know what a blood
sausage is so i asked is it part of the
blood sausage is that what a blood
sausage is is it the blood from the
blood sausage and we just moved on
moved on just completely stepped over
that eric wants us to talk about jingle
jingle jingle should we talk about that
yeah hold on a second would you eat
blood
black pudding or the [__] it's called
andrew oh absolutely not i mean we it
took a step further where i would be
willing to try different types of blood
he thinks every animal's blood would
taste the same i was curious if it would
there's no way if every meat tastes
different then surely the blood would be
a different flavor i don't think it
would be that wide of a range of flavors
black pudding could be uh usually pork
or beef i think i bet it's i don't think
if you were if you let's say this is a
ridiculous conversation if you got super
into drinking cow's blood just as a side
it was your beverage of choice for a
while if we laid out a bunch of
different bloods on a table i don't
think you'd be able to distinguish which
one is cow should we do a blind
bloodshot test
i think you guys should i think it's
gross as [__] i also think andrew you've
got the perfect thing to bring up with
your mom next year
uh okay so jingle jingle jingle jiggle
was uh it's a uniform it's sort of a
uniform
it's a uniform creation jeff in some
ways okay it was it was a discussion of
uh the wrist pocket which will i think
either have gone on sale or will be
coming on sale soon hopefully it's
already on sale but yeah we'll see
yeah i haven't actually done the the
shitty part yet but it's due tomorrow so
i think i'll be doing it most of tonight
um
and so we're talking about i don't i
don't remember how
it was like
scenarios in which you would use a beef
bracelet is that it is that the
conversation of it we're talking about
clothing items and the way that and in a
scenario in which you're in an orgy the
beef bracelet would be the field choice
i think of anything else
like you would need to it would be
wearable you can maintain energy you get
a snack you don't need to leave the pile
it would be the number one
number one thing you just stick around
you don't have to leave at that point
with the beef bracelet as long as you're
not into fisting that's that's the way
to lose a beef break that's true you
gotta be on your non-dominant hand
yeah
[Music]
what episode of mr bean where he loses
is watching the turkey
and so we're talking about like how
every other item is inferior to the beef
bracelet in the orgy scenario
and that imagine some guy in the orgy
with a [__] fanny pack on with a
bunch of keys in it just jingling all
over the place his jingle jingle jingle
just jiggling all over so that is that
was the the original oh we gave the
fanny pack the worst thing to wear in
order yeah
yes it was it was by far because it's
just imagining like a janitor in a movie
with like that many keys but that guy in
an orgy with a fanny pack just a jig
exactly
just like that and grunting
yeah
so when we were talking about uniform
and the value of the beef bracelet i
think we really missed the orgy market
and that demographic i think we really
could have angled better to them
i think that would be i'm trying to
think there are other products right
where like they made it and then it got
adopted in a way that they didn't all
intend yeah that's what always of course
absolutely happens all the time i think
that's maybe
where the beef bracelet would go i think
it would maybe i mean a huge hit like
wrigley's gum started out as a soap
company and now they make gum yeah they
would include like it was like during
the great depression or around that time
and so they had to like they were coming
up with like incentives uh like we would
give away a free air freshener with a
shirt maybe uh in the in the okay store
uh but they would give away like a free
piece of gum when you would buy soap to
convince people to buy it and then the
soap the gum became so popular they just
said [__] the soap and uh went all in on
gun
wow
just to clarify what nick said did you
say leave the pile i absolutely did yeah
of course i assume it's just a pile i've
never been in an orgy i haven't i
haven't even seen eyes wide shut which i
feel like would probably be didn't you
get invited to an orgy once though did i
did yeah the homeless orgy yeah
yeah we have covered that i've received
an invite to a homeless orgy but i've
never i didn't attend that wouldn't be
the jingliest orgy because
homeless people typically have more
loose change and also just like nuts and
bolts and [__] probably just random
stuff what
just whatever you find off the ground
yeah i mean you figure like homeless
people are probably they have to be uh
resourceful so if you see something that
could be useful down the road you want
to pick it up
well
nuts and bolts though i don't know i was
thinking to [__] the clanks man
you can build a shanty with nuts and
bolts if you have enough spare ones
around
sure yeah that's what the newest
banjo-kazooie was about it is nuts and
bolts magic suite nuts and bolts
oh
i'm gonna be playing donkey kong this
weekend
that's a thing that's sort of happening
for whoever hears this but yeah just in
the context of when we're doing this are
you excited
no
not at all
what's your game plan
at 44 hours right yeah is that it okay
great yeah this okay well you have you
you have to you reserve the right to add
another four hours yeah i'm not gonna
let it i'm gonna i'm fine i'm not gonna
need it i'm good i'm excited
i'll uh do you have all your snacks and
everything ready no i'm gonna do that
tomorrow i gotta prepare tomorrow i
gotta take it seriously gotta get my
blood sausage and my my fried blood now
and uh
what else
what happened last time you knocked it
off the table or something what do you
mean what happened oh why did it not say
i i realized that the save function
didn't work for how i was playing it so
i had to turn my computer off until then
i did and i lost all my progress what do
you mean from how you were playing it i
was playing it on on a computer oh i
wasn't like playing it through an n64
because using an empty what are you
doing this time i'm going to use it i'm
going to use the exact same emulator and
i'm just not going to i'm not going to
turn my computer off until i beat it oh
man what if the power goes out you're a
lunatic if the if the power goes out
that would be a problem that would be
unfortunate
yeah i would lose he's gonna he's gonna
wiggle out of this yeah how am i gonna
wiggle out you know he's gonna roll out
of him
listen to this listen to how he's
already said
no he can't i can't be the only one who
sees this coming no there's no i don't
it doesn't i whatever happens if i don't
beat it if i don't get the end credits
within the time limit i lose doesn't
matter so if your computer so your power
goes out your computer turns off doesn't
even have to be your power going out
something sure some windows update
whatever it is yeah your computer
restarts you lose all your progress
you're fine with that no i will accept
the loss a hundred percent i won't
get an n64 you got time i don't know how
seems like a lot of [__] what do you
mean i have time i already i think i
already have one i don't have the game
would be the game
well
yeah tomorrow
what am i just got a used game store in
vancouver you could go to uh there's
like two in my town and i don't know if
they would have that versus the
expansion pack too also then how would i
stream off of my n64 um
uh hdmi adapter
so now it would send me a [__] list
of things i now need to get and well we
could have got you all this stuff well
if you mentioned it uh three weeks ago
when you decided to do this we could
have had it all planned out for you
that's fair i'm not gonna argue that
point that's fair uh i think it'll be oh
i can you please argue the point i have
to know oh i mean what would i i i mean
i guess i don't know
is it assumed who streams off of an n64
i don't feel like that's all that common
i think most people are streaming
against
[Applause]
i said i wasn't gonna argue it i never
came from a position if this was a great
argument this is a ridiculous thing you
just did
it's a madness it's going quiet
it's not a good argument
how are you doing jeff
you okay
you not laughing
i'm trying not to laugh
you got me so bad with your mom though
you have no idea how much pain
you caused me
it was brutal oh
i just love the idea of the tail and the
butt plug coming up and her just
snuffing the candle out and walking
there is no god
blows the candle out that's a bridge too
far
i thought i was losing my mind yesterday
i uh i got some new headphones like
airpods sort of things
and um
they're paired to my phone and i also
paired them to my imac where i edit
stuff
and i was listening to
the i was proofing the next episode of
face that nix or dennis sent and if i
pause something with the headphones and
then resume it within a short amount of
time it just continues what i was doing
but i guess if i've used my phone too
much in between or enough time has
passed
for some reason it just decides
i've given up on this connection to the
phone i'm now on the mac
and what it was doing and this is where
i thought i was losing my mind
on my mac if you open like the music app
i guess it's the what itunes became i i
never used the app but what i had on
there was a ringtone i just made
uh which is like a little clip from my
pinball machine i just turned it into my
ringtone but to do that i had to like
put it through that music app and all
that stuff and then the next file down
was some lines i had dan record for some
slow-mo video where i was having him
pretend to be a robot and um i guess
when i tried to resume
my my phone playback of face it decided
hey i'm controlling the imac now and it
started playing my ringtone so i was
like oh i get a call so i double tap the
side of the
airpods to answer the call but when no
one's actually calling you it just skips
track
so it skipped to the next track which
was dan going hey b and i was like
maybe and because he was doing like
because he was doing multiple takes
he just kept saying it different like
intonations so he was like hey b and i
was like uh hey b and he was like hey b
and i was like
hey v
and i'm just there in my freaking
kitchen
talking to audiophiles that are playing
on my mac in a different room it took me
it took me about 45 seconds to realize i
wasn't actually on the phone with dan it
was like such a weird
series of events and i was like oh my
god i'm like 60 years old
this technology's running circles around
me i just was so confused
i hate you so much
and it's not like i had the app open
i've tested it out
it just opens the music app on my mac
and there's only like a bunch of things
i i just couldn't believe that that's
what was actually happening
looks incredible
what a perfect ah
i wish i could post i wish i could post
my security footage of me just
staring at my kitchen cabinets
thinking i'm on the host
can you post the audio maybe of his
different takes and like that would be
great i'd love to hear
the one side and that was like that was
after after all that was done it was
like 20 minutes of trying to figure out
where the audio was actually coming from
because i didn't know that they were
stored in the music app i was so
confused that i got to give up on
technology that is the most amazing [__]
technology i agree with you
got it dude oh [__] i am having a
problem with my car play it's so ugh
but uh that's maybe the funniest story
i've heard in a year
that's fantastic
well i'm just trying not to laugh
anymore man my [__] mouth is on fire
oh
so yeah the the weird sort of me
me just trying to live on my own at home
sort of work not live alone i loved it
me trying to mind my own business just
trying to like be a person who owns the
house
how do you even make that happen it it
jumps to your ringtone and then to your
friend saying hello to you in a way that
yeah because you're intimate
who would have as the last two files
that just got added to itunes
their own ringtone followed by their
friends saying hello like no one has
those two files oh
god that's maybe i'll make a little uh a
little video
sequence to like replicate it because i
could replicate a dramatic reenactment
yeah
like a black and white dramatic reaction
like it's on forensic files i love it
there we go
that was good
i'm going to miss you guys yeah that's a
pretty good episode well hey i have a
question is that it are we done
recording for a while or are you out of
town now so uh i'm gone for three weeks
then i'm back but we've got enough
episodes to hold us over
that's all i did not i didn't i'll be
honest i didn't anticip god damn it
if i gotta give henry stan
hey
uh i didn't even think we were recording
this week so this is no really pleasant
no my flight got moved i should be in
england right now
yeah i'm well thank god it got moved and
also condolences but uh yeah that this
was a this was a as as gavin would say
an absolute corker
i've never i've never heard david say
that so andrew's mum was talking about
the other night
no
hey if you're a regulation listener or
even a comet leaver or maybe you're just
on the fence and considering being one
or the other you're not quite sure where
you fit in maybe this is the first time
you've ever listened to this podcast
maybe it's the second time maybe it's
the third uh if it is the third and you
haven't subscribed and liked yet i don't
know what the [__] is wrong with you you
clearly like it
show us by subscribing and liking uh and
if it is the first and now you think wow
that was a little aggressive i apologize
that wasn't meant for you that was meant
for the three times people we you still
have a little bit of time to figure it
out we appreciate you uh
see you next week hey guys minor league
fan jack here with a look at next week's
episode of face the guys waited way too
long to record so i'm just gonna make
some stuff up jeff's new bike is full of
ants gavin smuggled something back from
europe andrew stars on the return of
krampus the boys get in depth with
global economics the director of the
tuxedo is pissed and once again andrew
does not eat the pencil all that and
more on next week's episode of face